{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for participating in the beta testing of BlazingStars, the PokerStars hotkey program for Mac OS X.  In this file is a few important things that you will want to read, the first of which is this:\
\

\b Disclaimer:  I take absolutely no responsibility, legal or otherwise, for any losses or damage you may incur while using BlazingStars. This software is provided "as-is", with no warranty, implied or otherwise, and usage of the software means that you agree to hold me not responsible for any damage or loss incurred as a result of faults in the program.\
\
In short:  all software has bugs, so be careful when using the program in real-money games.  If you're playing real-money games and lose a pot because of a misclick, a bad bet-amount entered, or any other reason, I can't and won't help you.  \
\
The software is copyright 2009 FullyFunctionalSoftware (Steven Hamblin).  \
\
\ul To get started:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Getting started with BlazingStars is easy.  Open the disk image containing the program and drag the application to your Applications folder or anywhere else that you want to keep it.  Double-click on the program to open it (
\b note:
\b0   the PokerStars client must be open, or BlazingStars will complain and close).  The program installs itself as a "menulet", a menu item in the top right of your screen.  Click on the image of the playing cards to access the menu items, including the Preferences screen, the Help file, and more.\
\
\ul 	BlazingStars is Leopard-only (OS X version 10.5 and above).  It will not work on previous versions of the Macintosh operating system (10.4 Tiger and earlier).\ulnone \
\

\b \ul On your first run:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
On your first run of the program, it is important that you set up BlazingStars to work with the PokerStars client.  In the Preferences dialog box, select the "Setup" tab and 
\b make sure to choose the theme you are using.
\b0   If you do not do this, the program may not work correctly for you.  \
\
After that, simply set up your hotkey choices by clicking on each hotkey field and entering a key combination.  To use the hotkeys, make sure that the proper PokerStars client window is open, and press the key combination to invoke the requested action.  \
\
	
\b Common problem:  
\b0 Be sure that you have activated the PokerStars window before you try to invoke the hotkey of your choice, or else nothing will happen.\
\

\b \ul Interference with other programs:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Due to the way that Apple has structured the hotkey interface in OS X, BlazingStars is forced to register its hotkeys as "global", meaning that the hotkeys will work no matter what application is in the foreground.  BlazingStars will deactivate the actions invoked by each key when you switch to a program besides the PokerStars client, but the hotkeys themselves are still registered and will override similar key combinations in other programs.  If this is a problem, you can set a single hotkey that will unregister all other BlazingStars hotkeys (click the Setup tab in the Preferences dialog).  \
\

\b \ul Beta Testers:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
As beta testers of the software, any information you can provide me about bugs you find in the program will help me to squish them as quickly as possible, and the more detailed you can be, the better.  \
\
Information to provide: what version of BlazingStars you are using, the action you were trying to take when the bug occurred and the result, what hotkey you were using (if applicable), what theme you were using, how many tables you were playing, and any other information you think might be helpful.  \
\
As I find and fix bugs, updates will provided automatically;  you can use the "Check for Updates" menu item to force a check of the server for a new version.  \
\

\b \ul Known issues:\
\

\b0 \ulnone -  Theme support is an ongoing progress.  \
-  BlazingStars has only been tested at a resolution of 1280x800.  Resolution changes may cause problems;  if so, please submit a bug report with the theme, the resolution, and the problem (i.e. which action failed).  Fixing problems on resolutions higher than 1280x800 is bound to be slow, since I don't currently have access to a machine with a screen that will support those resolutions.\
\
}